hey guys what's up we've had a lot of
questions about the two slime videos
that we've made the number one question
I get from everyone is always can we eat
this slime in with the other two videos
no please don't eat the slime they have
soaked in them we're going to make a
slime today the Nickelodeon recipe that
you can eat so you won't have to ask
that anymore it's a very simple process
first thing you're going to need is
vanilla pudding going to pour that into
a bowl the second thing you're going to
need is applesauce applesauce we're not
advertising any of these particular
grams it's just what we're using got a
next thing up meal yes oatmeal now in
some recipes from the Nickelodeon slime
that I've read I've heard that they use
cream of wheat also so it's kind of
either/or whichever you have nearby the
cream of wheat is used for the same
thing the oatmeal is it gives the slime
kind of a key consistency
the last thing food coloring go ahead
and stick some in there for me while I'm
stirring this okay that should do it was
that the whole bottle nope okay wow
that's gonna be really range slime but
yes whenever you see people getting
slide like at the Teen Choice Awards
this is basically what it's made of now
of course they mix it up in giant drums
and they do a much better job of mixing
it but what you say falling on people is
essentially this mixture in fact if you
look it up most people that get slimed
say that it tastes like applesauce okay
we're going to see how this tastes
mmm that's good eating there go ahead
give it a shot buddy let's do that one
more time just in case the camera person
was asleep awesome nice thank you don't
forget the three ingredients pudding
applesauce and oatmeal and then the
fourth ingredient food coloring thanks
for watching